---
created: 2021-04-06T19:32:36+08:00
modified: 2021-05-20T13:10:42+08:00
---

# 100: Advisory

Let's talk about this semester.

## Outline

* Talk about previous semester
* Currently in probation
* Offer to boost grades
* May need to retake some subjects
* Return home, pack up for departure
* Fall asleep in transport

## Variables

* `NRD`: first person
* `ALC`: the dean

## Content

Here I am, in front of the dean's office. To be fair, I am kind of nervous.
This is, after all, my first time coming here. Hands are a bit shaky as well.
I may be in big trouble, but not because I am a troublemaker.

My last 2 semester--the first year of my study--has been rough. I did not
perform well in class, not to mention the amount of school work that I
neglected. It's fair to say that my scores are... below standards, going under
GPA 2.0 for two consecutive semesters. My academic advisor could not do
anything to help my situation, so he referred me to the dean's office for
further discussion.

I guess it's time to do this.

(_knock x3_)

"Come in."

Following that signal, I enter the office. In front of me, there is a digital
whiteboard that shows the dean's daily and weekly schedule. To the left, there
is a bookshelf that is pretty much filled with all sorts of books and papers.
By the window is his desk, with a full set of PC. There are two things missing:
the wires and a mouse. I guess he has gone fully keyboard on his system. And
obviously, a couple of seats in front of the desk and the seat that the dean is
on right now.

"Sit down." The dean asked me to do so whilst staring out the window.
Regardless, I obey. I sit on the farthest seat from the window and I drop my 
backpack to the right of me.

"Mr. Adam Nordix, is it not?"  

"Yes, sir."  

"I have seen the reports of your study. It was not really good, was it?
Please elaborate on your situation. How are you seeing yourself right now?
How would you improve upon yourself?"  

"Yes sir. It appears I have trouble focusing on multiple tasks at once. For
this, I have to train myself to split my focus. Then, I seem to have trouble
understanding abstract ideas without concrete visuals. Finally, my ignorance of
the given tasks and classes contribute to my decline in grades. I failed myself
as a student, on purpose. But now that I'm here, I have learned my lesson from
the past year.  I can assure you that I will **not** repeat the same mistake
again."

I sure hope you will. Because recently, I have found an offer to aid
students like you.

??

You see, the uplink system that you decide to specialize in has developed
itself over the last few hundred years. Back then, technology like ours had not
been invented yet.

"If you want to move forward, you better move to another place. Right here,
this is not a good place to stay. You might return to those old days and repeat
your mistakes," my mentor recommends.

"So… do you have any suggestions for a place to live, away from this rough
environment?" I ask.

"I do know a friend that might help. But you might need to re-learn some
subjects."

"I'll take anything, really."

"Very well, then. Just return to your bed after this. By the time you are
awake, you'll already be on your way there."

---

And he's right. I'm already inside a transport vehicle, specifically a car. The
sound of a roaring engine is an evident sign. Also, the seat feels somewhat
comfortable.

But there's something weird. I feel like I’m a little bit smaller than usual.
And also, why do I have a sense that I am 8 years younger than I should be?

"Oh, Neo. You are awake. We're almost there."

Umm, excuse me? "Neo"? Did the lady in the driver's seat just call me that? I
did not remember having a renaming ceremony. Also, who is this lady?

“Dr. Alocaust left something before we left. Maybe you can check them once
we’re done unpacking.” The lady speaks again, this time hinting at the bag
right next to me.

I rush into the bag and check for contents. Indeed, a document map was already
there, along with the usual stuff I bring to school. There's a stationery set,
notebooks, personal meds, storage devices, communications unit (phone), and a
digital typewriter (laptop).

Speaking of digital, I take my phone from the bag and check the status. No
reservation. We must be far out into the country. Oh well.

Having nothing to catch up online, I look outside. There are a few trees out
there. Most of the view is just plain grass with a road. The road we're driving
on isn't exactly asphalt, more like black dirt. Is this really the place?

“Welcome to [Primp Town](https://puyonexus.com/wiki/Primp_Town)”. That’s what
the board says just ahead of us. Never heard of that name before. My
speculations of being “far out into the country” is probably accurate. But that
was just the welcome sign, so I can’t be so sure.

