---
created: 2021-02-19T19:31:50+08:00
modified: 2021-04-06T19:32:26+08:00
---

# 01: Unpack

Outline:

* Arrive at home
* Unpack luggage
* Read mission briefing and identity documents
* Bell rings
* Amitie in front of house, introduce
* She drags P1 out for walk (tour) around town, unpacking had not finished yet

---

Well, here we are. Primp Town. Probably just an average town you would find in some countries. There is a town hall, library, museum, plaza, and school (we'll get to that one in a few days. One thing that strikes me the most is the repetitive appearance of a round object with eyes. I guess that is some kind of a signature thing in this area.

Also I noticed for a few seconds in the plaza that something is going on. Two people standing behind a board where those round objects fall from above their heads. This time, those round objects which they call "**puyo**" are actually colored. I am still unable to get a grasp on the situation when all of a sudden, gray puyo just drop on one of the two.

"_This looks weird **and** interesting,_" I said to myself, reacting to that view.

And then there's a museum, which from the outside looks like a glorified library. I'm not kidding, most museums are like that and has an actual reading zone. Probably I can scrap some info of this place from there. *If* I can get there, of course.

Finally, the place that says, "Primp Magic School". Hold on, excuse me. Magic? School? There is magic here and they study that here? For the record, I have zero familiarity with metaphysical stuff. Heck, I don't even know if magic falls into that field. All I know back in my place is technology, like the one I'm using to write this narrative report.

---

Continue here...